{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f6\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green20\blue22;\red0\green0\blue255;\red45\green161\blue196;
\red34\green34\blue34;\red11\green0\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c7059\c7843\c8627;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c17647\c63137\c76863;
\csgenericrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\csgenericrgb\c4314\c0\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Places to eat\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 \ulnone San Sebastian and the Basque Country\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 San Sebastian is a city that is thoroughly in love with quality cuisine, from the humble little pintxo to three-star Michelin fare. It often tops best food destination lists and is possibly the ultimate foodie destination in Spain. Often dubbed \'93haute cuisine in miniature\'94 pintxos are a delicious morsel of food that perfectly showcase local produce, from spicy guindilla peppers to fresh local seafood. For a treat, visit one of the city\'92s\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/the-best-michelin-starred-restaurants-in-san-sebastian/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 three restaurants to hold three Michelin stars}}. Local Basque favourites to try include salt cod, hearty stews, Idiazabal cheese and Txakoli wine.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Galicia\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The dramatic, wind and rain-swept north-west coast of Spain produces some of the country\'92s finest seafood and one of its\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/12-unusual-foods-you-cant-leave-spain-without-trying/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 weirdest}}\'a0\'96 and most expensive \'96 delicacies: percebes, or goose barnacles. These ugly-looking things cling to the side of the sea-battered cliffs, meaning collecting them is a difficult \'96 and sometimes perilous \'96 job. It\'92s no coincidence that Galician cuisine can be found throughout Spain, the combination of quality local dishes like Galician-style octopus, served with paprika, or juicy padr\'f3n peppers, washed down with a glass of crisp Albari\'f1o wine, is a major crowd pleaser. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Barcelona\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 From local bodegas serving cheese, ham and wine straight from the barrel to the very best\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/a-foodies-guide-to-michelin-star-dining-in-barcelona/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Michelin star restaurants}}, Barcelona really has it all. Don\'92t miss its\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/a-guide-to-barcelonas-famous-food-markets/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 markets}}, where you can pick up fresh local produce and pull up a stool at a tapas bar stall for some freshly made treats. The city is also a haven for chocoholics; its many chocolate shops and granjas (dairy shops) are a must-visit for anyone with a sweet tooth. Barcelona is a great place to explore Catalan cuisine; in February and March don\'92t miss cal\'e7ots, a kind of green onion served with romesco sauce, while summer means kicking back at one of the city\'92s beachside restaurants and digging into some quality seafood. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Madrid\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Madrid has the advantage, as Spain\'92s capital, of being home to cuisine from all around Spain, so if you\'92re eager to eat your way around the Iberian Peninsula while visiting just one city, make it the Spanish capital. Local classics \'96 if you\'92re feeling adventurous \'96 include callos (tripe) or caracoles a la Madrile\'f1a (Madrid-style snails). Neighbourhood\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/the-5-best-food-markets-in-madrid/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 markets}}\'a0like Mercado Ant\'f3n Mart\'edn have excellent local produce and are a good place to stock up for a picnic in Retiro Park. Madrid is also home to some great international cuisine \'96 it\'92s the only place in Europe home to a Michelin-starred Mexican restaurant and has great variety of South American offerings. Weirdly for a city 300km (186 miles) from the nearest coast, Madrid is one of the best places for fish and seafood in Spain and home to the world\'92s biggest fish market after Tokyo.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Girona\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Girona, north-east Spain is home to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cellercanroca.com/menu/menu_a.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 El Celler de Can Roca}}, a three-star Michelin restaurant that was ranked as the best restaurant in the world in 2013 and 2015 by Restaurant magazine. The restaurant was opened in 1986 by the Roca brothers, Joan, Josep and Jordi, and serves traditional Catalan cuisine with a creative twist and avant-garde presentation. When you\'92ve had your fill of Michelin star food, head into the city\'92s tapas restaurants, where you can try specialities such as pollastre amb escamarlans (a delicious stew of chicken, shellfish and chocolate \'96 yes, chocolate), sweet botifarra sausage and cream-filled pastries called xuixos. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Valencia\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/everything-you-need-to-know-about-paella/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 birthplace of paella}}\'a0should be on any foodie\'92s radar if only to try Spain\'92s most famous dish in the place it was actually created. A typical Valencian paella includes green and white beans, meat (chicken and/or rabbit), snails and saffron, which gives the rice a golden colour. Other varieties, including seafood, meat and vegetable, are also available widely throughout the city. Don\'92t miss a visit to the city\'92s Mercado Central to pick up some great local ingredients and sample the city\'92s drink, Agua de Valencia, a potent mixture of cava, orange juice, vodka and gin. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb150\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Granada\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa450\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theculturetrip.com/europe/spain/articles/the-10-best-restaurants-in-granada/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Granada}}\'a0was ruled by the Moors until 1492, giving the city a rich and multicultural food tradition that continues to this day. The narrow streets of the Albayzin are home to tea houses where you can have spiced tagines, sweet green tea and typical Arab sweets, while many of the city\'92s tapas dishes have a Moorish influence.\
Granada is also famous for its free tapas; buy a drink and you\'92ll receive a plate of something delicious for free. Don\'92t miss trying the local cured ham, Jam\'f3n de Trevelez, as well as fried fish and migas, a breadcrumb dish topped with a fried egg and local sausages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Things to do in Spain\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 1. Join the Running of the Bulls
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Held in July in Pamplona, the Running of the Bulls attracts both the brave and the stupid. While I\'92d never do the actual running, the multi-day celebration is still a good place to go drink sangria, eat good food, wear a red scarf, and celebrate the way only Spain can.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 2. Lounge on the Costa Del Sol\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Come hang out on the beach and enjoy the laid-back life for which Spain is famous. The sun coast in southern Spain is famous for its beautiful beaches, great nightlife (and tons of tourists). Malaga is one of the biggest places on the coast but I think there are better places further down.
\f5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 3. Go to Valencia
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nomadicmatt.com/travel-guides/spain-travel-tips/valencia/%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Valencia}}
\f1 \'a0is a pretty amazing town. Initially, I wasn\'92t attracted to Valencia for any reason in particular \'97 I came for the tomato fight in the nearby town of Bunol, which attracts thousands of people each August, most of whom use Valencia as their home base. However, Valencia grew on me. It has great seafood, paella, history, and a good soccer team. I would go back in a second. It\'92s a wonderful city!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 4. Walk The Camino
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 El Camino de Santiago, or The Way of Saint James, is a popular pilgrimage route stretching from the border of France all the way to Santiago de Compostela in North-Western Spain. Stretching 800km, this month-long walk takes a lot of dedication. Nevertheless, it\'92s a great way to see the country and some of the less-visited areas of Spain.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 5. Wander through Seville
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nomadicmatt.com/travel-guides/spain-travel-tips/seville/%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Seville}}
\f1 \'a0is an amazing city with great churches, palaces, and historic sites. They also have good shopping here. I really like the Jewish Quarter here and the monument dedicated to the different regions of Spain. This is also a big student town.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 6. Visit Gibraltar
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Bordering Spain on the Iberian peninsula, Gibraltar is actually an overseas territory of the United Kingdom. Here you\'92ll encounter an interesting mix of cultures, with influences from Britain, Spain, and North Africa all colliding.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 7. Hike in the Sierra Nevada
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 This mountain area is a great place for summer hiking, winter skiing, and exploring small towns. This area is one of the prettiest and most rugged in Spain and one of the better areas for outdoor activities in Spain. There are plenty of trails ranging in length and difficulty, as well as the possibility for guided tours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 8. Visit San Sebasti\'e1n
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 The center of the Basque area of Spain, this place has a killer nightlife and beach. Moreover, the architecture makes it one of the most beautiful and unique cities in all of Spain.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 9. Hike the Pyrenees
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 The majestic mountain chain that walls off France is laced with medieval villages, high mountain walking trails, and great skiing. It\'92s also the traditional start of The Camino.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 10. Great Cathedral and Mosque
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 The Mezquita de Cordoba is by far the most exquisite example of the Muslim fabric in Spain. Its giant arches, jasper columns, marble floors, richly gilded prayer niches, and the awe-inspiring domed shrine of Byzantine mosaics take you back to when C\'f3rdoba was under Muslim influence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 11. Unwind in Salamanca
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Salamanca seems to be in the middle of nowhere, but it\'92s got a huge amount of life to it. This is a university city, but it\'92s not huge, so you can expect a mix of small-town atmosphere, great nightlife, and many backpackers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 12. Visit the Guggenheim Museum
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 One of the most famous museums in the world, the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao always has some interesting exhibits on modern art. Even if you\'92re not a modern art fan, you should stop by just to check it out. The architecture of this museum is something to marvel at. Frank Gehry, arguably one of the most famous living architects of today, designed it to have a very unique undulating style.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 13. Explore Basque Country
\f5\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Basque Country is an autonomous region in Spain, a place with its own unique culture and heritage. Located in the north-east corner of Spain, you\'92ll notice the difference as soon as you step foot in the region. If you\'92re into off-the-beaten-path locations, be sure to visit Basque Country.\
For more information on Barcelona, check out this guide!\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li600\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f6 \cf0 \'a5	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nomadicmatt.com/travel-guides/spain-travel-tips/barcelona/%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Barcelona Travel Guide}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 The land of the siesta, daily life in Spain moves slowly and runs late.\
Everyone here is just enjoying life.\
Which is why traveling and backpacking Spain is so much fun.\
Spain is a beautiful, interesting, and dynamic country with a lot of regional uniqueness and variety. Madrid and Barcelona are hip and energetic cities, Granada has a Moorish touch, Basque Country up north contrast itself to Southern living.\
The Spaniards love visitors, hosting strangers, drinking good wine, laughing at a good meal, and enjoying life. People aren\'92t in a rush here.\
And, as an added bonus, Spain is super cheap. It\'92s a very inexpensive country to visit.\
I\'92ve been visiting Spain for over a decade and have been throughout the country.\
This budget and backpacking travel guide to Spain can help you figure out what to see, do, how to save money, stay safe, and everything in between!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs21 \cf5 At 505,992\'a0km
\fs17 \super 2
\fs21 \nosupersub \'a0(195,365\'a0sq\'a0mi), Spain is the world's\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_and_outlying_territories_by_area%22%20%5Co%20%22List%20of%20countries%20and%20outlying%20territories%20by%20area"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 fifty-second largest country}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Area_and_population_of_European_countries%22%20%5Co%20%22Area%20and%20population%20of%20European%20countries"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Europe's fourth largest country}}. It is some 47,000\'a0km
\fs17 \super 2
\fs21 \nosupersub \'a0(18,000\'a0sq\'a0mi) smaller than France and 81,000\'a0km
\fs17 \super 2
\fs21 \nosupersub (31,000\'a0sq\'a0mi) larger than the US state of California. Mount\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teide%22%20%5Co%20%22Teide"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Teide}}\'a0({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenerife%22%20%5Co%20%22Tenerife"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Tenerife}}) is the highest mountain peak in Spain and is the third largest volcano in the world from its base. Spain is a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_transcontinental_countries%22%20%5Co%20%22List%20of%20transcontinental%20countries"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 transcontinental country}}, having territory in both\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe%22%20%5Co%20%22Europe"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Europe}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africa%22%20%5Co%20%22Africa"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Africa}}.\
Spain lies between latitudes\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/26th_parallel_north%22%20%5Co%20%2226th%20parallel%20north"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 26\'b0}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/44th_parallel_north%22%20%5Co%20%2244th%20parallel%20north"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 44\'b0 N}}, and longitudes\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/19th_meridian_west%22%20%5Co%20%2219th%20meridian%20west"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 19\'b0 W}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5th_meridian_east%22%20%5Co%20%225th%20meridian%20east"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 5\'b0 E}}.\
On the west, Spain is bordered by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portugal%22%20%5Co%20%22Portugal"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Portugal}}; on the south, it is bordered by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibraltar%22%20%5Co%20%22Gibraltar"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Gibraltar}}\'a0(a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_overseas_territory%22%20%5Co%20%22British%20overseas%20territory"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 British overseas territory}}) and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morocco%22%20%5Co%20%22Morocco"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Morocco}}, through its\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclave%22%20%5Co%20%22Exclave"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 exclaves}}\'a0in North Africa ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceuta%22%20%5Co%20%22Ceuta"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Ceuta}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melilla%22%20%5Co%20%22Melilla"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Melilla}}, and the peninsula of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pe%C3%B1%C3%B3n_de_V%C3%A9lez_de_la_Gomera%22%20%5Co%20%22Pe%C3%B1%C3%B3n%20de%20V%C3%A9lez%20de%20la%20Gomera"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 V\'e9lez de la Gomera}}). On the northeast, along the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrenees%22%20%5Co%20%22Pyrenees"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Pyrenees}}\'a0mountain range, it is bordered by France and the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality%22%20%5Co%20%22Principality"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Principality}}\'a0of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andorra%22%20%5Co%20%22Andorra"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Andorra}}. Along the Pyrenees in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Province_of_Girona%22%20%5Co%20%22Province%20of%20Girona"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Girona}}, a small exclave town called\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ll%C3%ADvia%22%20%5Co%20%22Ll%C3%ADvia"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Ll\'edvia}}\'a0is surrounded by France.\
Extending to 1,214\'a0km (754\'a0mi), the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portugal%E2%80%93Spain_border"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Portugal\'96Spain border}}\'a0is the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_and_territories_by_land_borders%22%20%5Co%20%22List%20of%20countries%20and%20territories%20by%20land%20borders"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 longest uninterrupted border}}\'a0within the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union%22%20%5Co%20%22European%20Union"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 European Union}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa390\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \
}